Added formatting to new entry unit-testing (#505)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/unit-testing/unit-testing.md

---
Title: 'Unit Testing'

> Description: 'Unit testing involves testing ] parts of code to verify its correctness.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Unit testing involves testing parts of code to verify its correctness.'
```

Reviewer: Maybe instead of correctness, we can say behavior? Hopefully can get another eye on this as well ☺️

LMK what you think!

Author: I think behavior works too, I'll use this instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Description: 'Unit testing involves testing ] parts of code to verify its behavior.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Debugging'
  - 'Development'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-javascript-unit-testing'
---

> Unit testing is an essential part of the coding process to verify all parts of code work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit testing is an essential part of the coding process. It verifies that all parts of the code work correctly.
```

> A part or unit of code can be anything from a class function to a small snippet of code that performs a specific task. By testing individual components, it makes it easier to find exactly where an error lies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A part or unit of code can be anything from a class function to a small snippet of code that performs a specific task. Testing individual components makes it easier to find exactly where an error lies.
```

> There are usually two types of unit testing — manual and automated testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are usually two types of unit testing:

- Manual testing
- Automated testing
```

## Manual Testing

> Manual testing is when tests are being done manually by people. It can involve clicking on objects, providing input, or scrolling through items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual testing is when tests are done directly by people. It can involve clicking on objects, providing input, or scrolling through items.
```

> Depending on the length of the software, this type of testing can be a lengthy process. A faster alternative to this would be automated testing.

Reviewer: I was thinking about different ways to say "lengthy process."

> Depending on the length of the software, this type of testing may be time-consuming. A quick alternative to unit testing is automated testing.

I was thinking of removing the comparison. If you decide to leave the comparison in, I'd just keep it how you currently have it instead of the word I replaced it with ❗Maybe we could just say:

> An alternative to unit testing would be automated testing.

Author: I'll use "time-consuming" instead and use your second sentence instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the length of the software, this type of testing can be time-consuming. An alternative to unit testing would be automated testing.
```

---
Title: 'Unit Testing'

> Description: 'Unit testing involves testing ] parts of code to verify its behavior.'

Author: ```suggestion
Description: 'Unit testing involves testing parts of code to verify its behavior.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Debugging'
  - 'Development'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-javascript-unit-testing'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-javascript-unit-testing'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path`
```

Ideally, we want each entry to have two `CatalogContent` slugs: one `learn-` and one `path-`. General entries can be tricky to nail down in this regard but I found a slug for the Front-end Career Path on Codecademy that might be relevant since there are some lessons related to testing in there.

---

> Unit testing is an essential part of the coding process. It verifies that all parts of the code work correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unit testing is an important part of coding and the software development process because it verifies whether individual parts of the source code behave and work as expected.
```

Author: I was trying to keep this first part under 160 characters. How about:
```suggestion
Unit testing is an important part of coding and software development because it verifies whether individual parts of the source code behave and work as expected
```

Reviewer 2: Love it!

> A part or unit of code can be anything from a class function to a small snippet of code that performs a specific task. Testing individual components makes it easier to find exactly where an error lies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These parts, or units, of code can be anything from a class function to a snippet of code that performs a specific task. Testing these units individually allows for finding errors earlier on in the development process.
```

> There are usually two types of unit testing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unit testing is usually categorized into two types:
```

Author: @Dusch4593 I kind of liked mentioning the types in the introduction. It made the intro flow nicely with the rest of the entry. But if you think this is a better format, let's change it then.

Reviewer: @KTom101 I definitely understand this preference. I'm going to follow @Dusch4593's suggestion however because it provides more structure and clarity. Ty for understanding! Also because some time has passed, I'm also going to incorporate the other heading changes that relate to this as well 🚀

- Manual testing
- Automated testing

## Manual Testing

> Manual testing is when tests are done directly by people. It can involve clicking on objects, providing input, or scrolling through items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manual testing is when tests are done directly by developers. This can involve actions such as clicking on objects, providing input, or scrolling through items.
```

Author: I said "people" here because it doesn't have to be done by the developer specifically. It can be done by a user or client. Maybe there is another word that can be used other than "people" but not as restrictive as "developer". 🤔

Reviewer 2: Good point! Thanks, Kyra! 😃

Reviewer 2: I updated my suggestion to include "people" 👍

Depending on the length of the software, this type of testing can be time-consuming. An alternative to unit testing would be automated testing.

> ## Automated Testing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Automated Testing
```

Writing scripts to test parts of code is a way to automate testing. Combined with a testing automation tool, these scripts can run automatically and immediately inform developers if any errors have occurred.

> Automated testing is a better way to test code when the process of doing it manually is tedious, frequent testing is needed, or when multiple individuals are adding or making changes to the code.

Author: @Dusch4593 do you think there is a better way to write your first suggested sentence, "Automated testing is code written to test other code." 

When I first wrote this part, I had something similar to that but changed it .  I thought it sounded a little confusing when read out loud because "code" is in the sentence twice.

> Automated testing is a better way to test code when the process of doing it manually is tedious, frequent testing is needed, or when multiple individuals are adding or making changes to the code.

Reviewer 2: How about something like this?

"Automated testings are where programs are written specifically to test code."

> ## Why use Unit Testing?

Reviewer 2: For this section, I would rename to "Pros. and Cons." or something and add 1-2 sentences of how/why unit testing could be flawed or limiting.
